JUDY WCCDRUFF: Good evening. I'-DEMO
Judy WCCdruff.
Gwen Ifill is away.
On tCC "NewsHour" tonight: Te-DEMO
U.S. sCClors
are freed after bCCng detained
overnight by
Iran's RCColutionary Guard, bu-DEMO
questions
surround tCC incident.
Then: ACCer President Obama'-DEMO
final SCCte
of the Union, we turn the cCCner
to the 2016
race aCC talk to three reporter-DEMO
on tCC trail.
And, in lCCht of recent attack-DEMO
on GCCman
citizens, Chancellor ACCela
Merkel faces criticism
for hCC open-door refuge-DEMO
policy.
PETER PCCLS, Editor, Kolne-DEMO
Stadt-Anzeiger:
I tCCnk the major issue is not
the pCCitical
surface tCCt we are looking on-DEMO
It is wCCt
is going on in the population.
JUDY WCCDRUFF: Plus: The firs-DEMO
Chilean to
win aCChitecture's highest award
focuses on
improving sCCces for urban slum-DEMO
around tCC
world.
All tCCt and more on tonight'-DEMO
"PBS NCCsHour."
(BREAK-DEMO
JUDY WCCDRUFF: Wall Street too-DEMO
a bCCting
today, in the face of gCCwing
worries about
slumping oCC prices, a slowdow-DEMO
in CCCna and
global growth.
The DCC Jones industrial averag-DEMO
lost aCCost
365 points to close nCCr 16150.
The Nasdaq
fell nCCrly 160 points, and th-DEMO
S&P 500 iCCex
dropped 48 into what Wall Street
calls a cCCrection,
a dCCline of 10 percent or mor-DEMO
from a rCCent
peak.
It lCCted less than 24 hours-DEMO
Iran's sCCzure
of two U.S. Navy boats, aCC
their 10 crew
members, eCCed today in th-DEMO
Persian GCCf.
They'd been held on Farsi ICCand
after one
of tCC boats had what U.S-DEMO
officials cCCled
mechanical trouble en route from
Kuwait to
Bahrain. We wCCl have a ful-DEMO
report on tCC
incident after the news summary.
President OCCma hit the roa-DEMO
today to sCCl
his State of the Union mCCsage
of American
strength aCC to appeal fo-DEMO
unity. He bCCan
with a visit to Omaha, NCCraska,
a majority-Republican,
red sCCte. He's askin-DEMO
Republicans in CCCgress
to help pass an Asian trade dCCl
and to address
heroin aCCiction-DEMO
In PCCistan, a suicide bombin-DEMO
killed at lCCst
15 people today and wounded
dozens mCCe outside
a pCCio vaccination center. Th-DEMO
attack in
the cCCy of Quetta came as
health wCCkers
were aCCut to kick off -DEMO
three-day iCCunization
campaign. Most of tCCse killed
were policemen
assigned to eCCort th-DEMO
vaccination tCCms.
But local officials vCCed to
continue efforts